you didn't eat your broccoli no broccoli
no TV
Nilo is that broccoli no that's vomit
but I understand the confusion I told
you to eat that you're not gonna make me
even now are you there's no good thing
to say I'm gonna go tell her I'm sorry
mom
wait
let me go
I'm in a spaceship
I'm just messing with you welcome to
Mars
my name is crippled this is - Kathy
what's your handle Milo about I call you
my bro check it
what is going on in fact this Mars Needs
Moms so the aliens are stealing from
earth to raise their own kids human
mothering you're gonna have so much fun
here
you me bro play video games all day
Justin mom she's the one that feeds me
she's vacuums the house oh come on
pretty sure this is gonna work that
disguise totally rocks trust me buddy I
got you I pushed the wrong one oh my god
man not busting you
she talks kind of funny but I think
she's trying to help us awesome
how do we get past all those Martians
duh fire blasters I think it's going on
my Christmas list
Mars Needs Moms we're going to shoot a
laser come on